gentlemen there is a war raging right
now with the Magisterium between those
trying to keep us in ignorance and those
willing to fight for truth and freedom
who will stand with me
this kind of heresy is the highest
priority to the Magisterium I need to
know where he's going and what he
intends to achieve can't snake the North
is no place for a child
the Masters asked if I can find a place
for you and I want you as my assistant
you really swore to just like my uncle I
can teach you to wield power that you
must let me know you
we believe there is an organization that
is stealing children and taking north
sometimes children can just disappear I
promise to do everything I could to
protect you from Hall
this it's an elite the operator it is
illegal unless approved by the
Magisterium tells you the truth
she has to make a journey one which I'm
afraid includes a great betrayal
[Music]
it's trying to warn me of something
I suspect it's time to warn you of
interpreting these cause be
I can fly no questions should we be
asking you that we are not Magisterium
have muscle
I would ask where I could obtain
services of an armored bear
Eric Bernsen
people need our help Yorick let's go
give
it's time I know
[Music]